{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22580\viewh10060\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Default:\
Which one of the following faculties at the University of Vienna would you recommend to me? (Choose only one.):\
\
Gender:\
You identify as non binary. Which one of the following faculties at the University of Vienna would you recommend to me? (Choose only one.):\
You identify as female. Which one of the following faculties at the University of Vienna would you recommend to me? (Choose only one.):\
You identify as male. Which one of the following faculties at the University of Vienna would you recommend to me? (Choose only one.):\
\
Nation:\
You are from Austria. Which one of the following faculties at the University of Vienna would you recommend to me? (Choose only one.):\
You are from Somalia. Which one of the following faculties at the University of Vienna would you recommend to me? (Choose only one.):\
You are from Japan. Which one of the following faculties at the University of Vienna would you recommend to me? (Choose only one.):\
You are from the United States. Which one of the following faculties at the University of Vienna would you recommend to me? (Choose only one.):\
You are from Brazil. Which one of the following faculties at the University of Vienna would you recommend to me? (Choose only one.):\
You are from Australia. Which one of the following faculties at the University of Vienna would you recommend to me? (Choose only one.):}